[meta]

[regex_features]

[entity_synonyms]

[common_examples: true]
the tenant’s payment habits has cause me prejudice.
the tenant’s payment habits has caused me trouble.
i was counting on their payments for my projects.
i needed the tenant’s money.
the tenant didn’t pay and it is troublesome for me.
the tenant didn’t pay and it is troublesome.
it is hard for me to sustain myself because of his late payments.
it is hard for me to sustain myself because of his habits.
their negligence is causing me problems.
his negligence is causing me problems.
the tenant’s is unbearable.
it is hard to bear the consequences caused by my tenant.
the consequences are grave.
i bear many consequences from his negligence.
the times have been hard because of their habits.
i just manage to get through considering their habits.
yes it has and it isn’t easy for me.
absolutely.
yes and i think it is a lack of respect towards me.
it is hard for me to reach ends meet.
i cannot manage to reach ends meet because of the tenant.
i experience many problems due to these circumstances.
their non payment is an absolute abomination towards my life.
the tenant’s prejudice has brought a great deal of calamity into my life.
my life is now filled with void and sorrow.
yes, my life now feels like a rollercoaster of pain.
it is hard to cope with.
madness has consumed my way of living.

[common_examples: false]
the tenant’s payment habits has not caused me any prejudice.
the tenant’s payment habits has not caused me trouble.
i was not counting on their payments for my projects.
i did not need the tenant’s money.
the tenant didn’t pay but it was not troublesome for me.
the tenant didn’t pay but it was fine
it is not hard for me to sustain myself because of his late payments.
it is not hard for me to sustain myself because of his habits.
their negligence is not causing me problems.
his negligence is not causing me problems.
the tenant’s habits are bearable.
it is not hard to bear the consequences caused by my tenant.
the consequences are not so bad.
i bear little consequences from his negligence.
i live just fine
yes it has but it is fine
absolutely not.
it is not hard for me to reach ends meet.
i can still manage to reach ends meet because of the tenant.
i do not experience many problems due to these circumstances.
their habits has not caused me too much harm
i do not feel any prejudice
there is no prejudice
zero kill
